Set switch off timer 60 minutes in living room air purifier 1.
Turn on night mode in the living room air purifier 1.
Turn off fan power of the living room air purifier 1.
Turn on fan power and set fan speed 4 in living room air purifier 1.
Set fan speed 8 in living room air purifier 1.
Turn off living room air purifier 1.
Turn off living room air purifier 1.
Set fan speed 2 in living room air purifier 1.
What devices do I have in my bedroom?
Turn on the AC in the bedroom
Set temperature 18 degrees in the bedroom AC
Turn on display mode in the bedroom AC.
Turn on the ac in the dining room.
Turn on office AC 2.
Set dry mode in bedroom ac.
Turn on sleep mode in bedroom ac.
Set vertical swing to position 5 in bedroom ac.
Turn on sky high color in bedroom ac.
Turn on living room AC 2 and set it's horizontal swing to position 2.
Turn on turbo mode in living room AC 2.
Turn on child lock in bedroom ac.
Set fan speed high in office AC 2.
Set horizontal swing to auto in bedroom ac.
Set temperature 30 degrees in the living room AC 2.
Turn on yoga room AC 1 and set it's switch off timer to 20 minutes.
Turn on humicon mode in yoga room AC 1.
Turn off child lock mode in bedroom ac.
Turn on eco mode in the ac in bedroom.
Set light intensity low in the ac in bedroom.
Turn on bedroom AC 2.
Set vertical swing to position 4 and horizontal swing to position 3 in bedroom AC 2.
Turn on eco mode in bedroom AC 2.
Set fan speed to medium in bedroom AC 2.
Turn on dining room AC 1 and set it's moonlight to future forward.
Set temperature 50 degrees in dining room AC 1.
Set variable capacity C1 in dining room AC 1.
Turn on sleep mode in dining room AC 1.
Turn on the AC in study and set it to silent mode.
Set switch off timer 100 minutes for the AC in the study and set it's moonlight to balance.
Turn off the study AC 1.
Turn on the water heater in the kitchen.
Turn on kitchen AC 3 and set to fan mode.
Turn on display mode in kitchen AC 3.
Turn on kids room AC 1 and turn on humicon mode in that.
Set fan speed auto in kids room AC 1.
Turn on office AC 1 and set it's variable capacity to C5.
Set switch off timer to 1000 minutes in my office AC 1.
Turn on silent mode in office AC 1.
Turn on all ACs in living room.
Turn on the AC in dining room.
