Turn on bedroom air purifier 1.
Turn on buzzer control in bedroom air purifier 1.
Set fan speed 4 in bedroom air purifier 1.
Set night mode in bedroom air purifier 1.
Set switch off timer 60 minutes in bedroom air purifier 1.
Set ring led brightness to 40 in bedroom air purifier 1.
Turn on turbo mode and turn off buzzer control in bedroom air purifier 1.
Set switch off timer 720 minutes in bedroom air purifier 1.
Turn on the air purifier in dining room.
What is the status of my bedroom air purifier 1?
Turn on dining room air purifier 1.
Set ring led brightness 70 in dining room air purifier 1.
Turn on heater power in dining room air purifier 1.
Set night mode in dining room air purifier 1.
Set switch off timer 180 minutes in dining room air purifier 1.
Turn on buzzer control in dining room air purifier 1.
Set fan speed 3 in dining room air purifier 1.
Turn on dining room air purifier 1.
Set ring led brightness to 200 in dining room air purifier 1.
Set switch off timer 180 minutes in dining room air purifier 100.
Turn on the living room air purifier 1.
Set switch off timer 60 minutes in living room air purifier 1.
Turn on night mode in the living room air purifier 1.
Turn off fan power of the living room air purifier 1.
Turn on fan power and set fan speed 4 in living room air purifier 1.
Set fan speed 8 in living room air purifier 1.
Turn off living room air purifier 1.
Turn off living room air purifier 1.
Set fan speed 2 in living room air purifier 1.
What devices do I have in my bedroom?
Turn on the AC in the bedroom
Set temperature 18 degrees in the bedroom AC
Turn on display mode in the bedroom AC.
Turn on the ac in the dining room.
Turn on office AC 2.
Set dry mode in bedroom ac.
Turn on sleep mode in bedroom ac.
Set vertical swing to position 5 in bedroom ac.
Turn on sky high color in bedroom ac.
Turn on living room AC 2 and set it's horizontal swing to position 2.
Turn on turbo mode in living room AC 2.
Turn on child lock in bedroom ac.
Set fan speed high in office AC 2.
Set horizontal swing to auto in bedroom ac.
Set temperature 30 degrees in the living room AC 2.
Turn on yoga room AC 1 and set it's switch off timer to 20 minutes.
Turn on humicon mode in yoga room AC 1.
Turn off child lock mode in bedroom ac.
Turn on eco mode in the ac in bedroom.
Set light intensity low in the ac in bedroom.
Turn on bedroom AC 2.
Set vertical swing to position 4 and horizontal swing to position 3 in bedroom AC 2.
Turn on eco mode in bedroom AC 2.
Set fan speed to medium in bedroom AC 2.
Turn on dining room AC 1 and set it's moonlight to future forward.
Set temperature 50 degrees in dining room AC 1.
Set variable capacity C1 in dining room AC 1.
Turn on sleep mode in dining room AC 1.
Turn on the AC in study and set it to silent mode.
Set switch off timer 100 minutes for the AC in the study and set it's moonlight to balance.
Turn off the study AC 1.
Turn on the water heater in the kitchen.
Turn on kitchen AC 3 and set to fan mode.
Turn on display mode in kitchen AC 3.
Turn on kids room AC 1 and turn on humicon mode in that.
Set fan speed auto in kids room AC 1.
Turn on office AC 1 and set it's variable capacity to C5.
Set switch off timer to 1000 minutes in my office AC 1.
Turn on silent mode in office AC 1.
Turn on all ACs in living room.
Turn on the AC in dining room.
Turn on the AC in dining room.
Turn on child lock mode in dining room AC 1.
Set moonlight to dream on in dining room AC 1.
Turn on kitchen AC 2 and set it to 18 degrees.
Turn on turbo mode in kitchen AC 2.
Turn on eco mode in kitchen AC 2.
What is the status of my kitchen AC 2?
Set silent mode in kitchen AC 2.
Turn on office AC 3 and set it to medium light intensity with moonlight set to down to dusk.
Set switch off timer to 12 minutes and turn off display mode in office AC 3.
Turn on the fan in the yoga room.
Turn on turbo mode in kitchen AC 1.
Turn on kitchen AC 1 and set to fan mode.
Turn on sleep mode in kitchen AC 1.
Turn on child lock mode in kitchen AC 1.
Set switch off timer 200 minutes in kitchen AC 1.
Turn on yoga room AC 2 and set it's vertical swing to Up three.
Turn on humicon mode in yoga room AC 2.
What are the devices that I have?
Turn on the bedroom AC 3 and set it's variable capacity to C3.
Turn on turbo mode in bedroom AC 3.
Turn on auto mode in bedroom AC 3.
Set temperature to 23 degrees in bedroom AC 3.
Turn on dining room AC 1 and turn on humicon mode in that.
Set variable capacity to C5 in dining room AC 1
Turn on turbo mode and set light intensity to high in dining room AC 1.
Turn on kitchen AC 2.
Set moonlight to unwind and turn on fan mode in kitchen AC 2.
Turn on air purifier in the study.
Turn on the study AC 1 and set fan speed high in kitchen AC 2.
Turn on eco mode in study AC 1.
Turn on living room AC 1 and set it's vertical swing to Down three.
Set switch on timer to 123 minutes in living room AC 1.
Turn on silent mode in living room AC 1.
Turn on yoga room AC 1 and set it to 17 degrees with vertical swing set to position 4.
Set moonlight to unfurl in yoga room AC 1.
Turn on child lock mode in yoga room AC 1.
Set switch on timer 2 minutes in yoga room AC 1.
Turn off yoga room AC 1.
Turn on dining room AC 1.
Turn on living room AC 2 and set it's fan speed to high.
Turn on eco mode in living room AC 2.
Turn on sleep mode in living room AC 2.
Turn on turbo mode in living room AC 2 and turn on bedroom AC 1.
Turn on the chimney in kitchen.
Turn on the AC in the office and set it to dry mode.
Set the office AC 1 to auto mode.
Set vertical swing to position 1 in office AC 1.
Set fan speed low in office AC 1.
Turn on all the ACs in kid's room and set moonlight to balance in kids room AC 1 and set temperature 22 degrees in kids room AC 2.
Turn on kitchen AC 3 and set to turbo mode.
Turn on child lock mode in kitchen AC 3.
Change variable capacity to C1 in kitchen AC 3.
Turn on study AC 1.
Set temperatue 1 degree in study AC 1.
Turn on display mode and dry mode in study AC 1.
Turn on humicon mode in study AC 1.
Turn on sleep mode in study AC 1.
Set variable capacity level C4 in study AC 1.
What are the device that I have in my bedroom and kitchen.
Turn on the AC in office and set it to 22 degrees.
Set variable capacity of office AC 1 to CA.
Turn on eco mode in office AC 1.
Set temperature 21 degrees in office AC 1.
Turn on bedroom AC 1 and set variable capacity and moonlight to C4 and sky high respectively.
Set turbo mode in bedroom AC 1.
Set light intensity low in bedroom AC 1.
Turn on silent mode in bedroom AC 1.
Turn off bedroom AC 1.
Turn on all ACs in dining room and set dining room AC 2 to 27 degrees with moonlight dream on.
Turn on child lock mode in dining room AC 2.
Turn on the refrigerator in the kitchen.
Turn on living room AC 1 and set to cool mode.
Set switch on timer 440 minutes in living room AC 1.
Turn on display mode in living room AC 1.
What is the status of my living room AC 1?
Turn on kitchen AC 1 and turn on child lock mode.
Set switch off timer 277 minutes in kitchen AC 1.
Change moonlight to sky high and light intensity to low in kitchen AC 1.
Turn on bedroom AC 2.
Set moonlight to future forward in bedroom AC 2.
Stop both vertical and horizontal swing in bedroom AC 2.
Set temperature to -3 degrees and turn on display in bedroom AC 2.
Set variable capacity CA in bedroom AC 2.
Turn on turbo mode and then turn it off in bedroom AC 2.
Turn on sleep mode in bedroom AC 2.
Turn on the light in kitchen.
Turn on the kids room AC 1.
Set silent mode in kids room AC 1.
Turn on living room AC 1.
Set moonlight to sky high and switch off timer 44 minutes in living room AC 1.
Turn on humicon mode in living room AC 1.
Set temperature 10 degrees and fan speed low in living room AC 1.
What is the status of my living room AC 1?
Turn on the AC in the dining room.
Turn on living room AC 1.
Turn on the air purifier in office.
Turn on office AC 1 and set to silent mode.
Turn on air purifier in the office.
Turn on bedroom AC.
Turn on bedroom A C.
Turn on the A.C. in the bedroom.
Switch off bedroom A-C immediately.
Turn on AC 01 in bedroom.
Turn on AC 001 in bedroom.
Turn on bedroom AC v2.
Turn on bedroom AC version 2.0.
Enable LED in bedroom AC.
Enable L E D in bedroom AC.
Turn off WiFi in bedroom AC.
Enable Wi-Fi control in bedroom AC.
Check CPU status in bedroom AC.
Check G P U status in bedroom AC.
Set temperature to 0 degrees in bedroom AC.
Set temperature to 01 degrees in bedroom AC.
Set temperature to 09 degrees in bedroom AC.
Set temperature to 16.5 degrees in bedroom AC.
Set temperature to minus 5 degrees in bedroom AC.
Set temperature to +5 degrees in bedroom AC.
Set switch off timer to 000 minutes in bedroom AC.
Set switch off timer to 9999 minutes in bedroom AC.
Set fan speed to level 0 in bedroom AC.
Set fan speed to level 10 in bedroom AC.
Turn on bedroom AC A1.
Turn on bedroom AC A01.
Turn on bedroom AC A001.
Turn on bedroom AC B-12.
Turn on bedroom AC AC-101.
Turn on bedroom AC AC101X.
Turn on bedroom AC version v1.2.3.
Turn on bedroom AC build 2024.01.
Turn on bedroom AC #1.
Turn on bedroom AC @home.
Turn on bedroom AC %unit.
Turn on bedroom AC & purifier.
Turn on bedroom AC / purifier combo.
Turn on bedroom AC - main unit.
Turn on bedroom AC _backup unit.
Turn on bedroom ac.
Turn on bedroom Ac.
Turn on bedroom aC.
TURN ON BEDROOM AC.
turn on bedroom ac.
Turn on AC in AC room.
Turn on bedroom bedroom AC.
Turn on AC in room 1 AC.
Turn on AC AC AC in bedroom.
Turn on the main primary bedroom AC unit.
Turn on the bedroom AC that is not off.
Turn on bedroom AC and turn on bedroom AC again.
Turn on bedroom AC and turn off bedroom AC and turn on bedroom AC.
Turn on bedroom AC bedroom AC bedroom AC.
Turn off off off bedroom AC.
Set timer 1 minute in bedroom AC.
Set timer 01 minute in bedroom AC.
Set timer 1.5 minutes in bedroom AC.
Set timer 60.0 minutes in bedroom AC.
Set timer 24 hours in bedroom AC.
Set timer 1440 minutes in bedroom AC.
Set timer 1 minute in bedroom AC.
Set timer 01 minute in bedroom AC.
Set timer 1.5 minutes in bedroom AC.
Set timer 60.0 minutes in bedroom AC.
Set timer 24 hours in bedroom AC.
Set timer 1440 minutes in bedroom AC.
Turn on auxiliary mode in bedroom AC.
Turn on ventilation mode in bedroom AC.
Turn on dehumidification mode in bedroom AC.
Turn on configuration mode in bedroom AC.
Turn on automation mode in bedroom AC.
Turn on authentication mode in bedroom AC.
Set temperature to 100 degrees in bedroom AC.
Set temperature to -100 degrees in bedroom AC.
Set fan speed to 999 in bedroom AC.
Set brightness to -10 in bedroom AC.
Set brightness to 1000 in bedroom AC.
Set timer to -1 minutes in bedroom AC.
Please turn on bedroom AC.
Kindly turn on bedroom AC.
Turn on bedroom AC now.
Turn on bedroom AC ASAP.
Turn on bedroom AC immediately.
Turn on bedroom AC right away.
Update bedroom AC to version v1.0.0.
Update bedroom AC to version v2.10.
Check firmware version 2024.09.15 in bedroom AC.
Rollback bedroom AC to version v0.9.


